Replace default branch name in docs and scripts (master → main) (#261)
githubtraining/training-manual: docs/12a_what_is_a_merge_conflict.md

When you work with a team (and even sometimes when you are working alone) you will occasionally create merge conflicts. At first, merge conflicts can be intimidating, but resolving them is actually quite easy. In this section you will learn how!

> These exercises will focus on the technical "how". In real merge conflicts, it's important to know who to ask in case you aren't sure how to resolve the conflict on your own. Usually it's a good idea to ask the person who made the conflicting changes, or someone who is a code owner on the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These exercises will focus on the technical "how". In real merge conflicts, it's important to know who to ask in case you aren't sure how to resolve the conflict on your own. Usually it's a good idea to ask the person who made the conflicting changes, or someone who referenced in the CODEOWNER file.
```

Author: Updated to say `CODEOWNERS` instead of `CODEOWNER` to match our docs: https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners
